Adding section on mutually dependent types. (#548)
AdaCore/learn: content/courses/advanced-ada/chapters/types.rst

Mutually dependent types
------------------------

In this section, we discuss how to use incomplete types to declare mutually
dependent types. Let's start with this example:

.. code:: ada compile_button project=Courses.Advanced_Ada.Types.Mutually_Dependent
    :class: ada-expect-compile-error

    package Mutually_Dependent is

       type T1 is record
          B : T2;
       end record;

       type T2 is record
          A : T1;
       end record;

    end Mutually_Dependent;

When you try to compile this example, you get a compilation error. The first
problem with this code is that, in the declaration of the :ada:`T1` record, the
compiler doesn't know anything about :ada:`T2`. We could solve this by
declaring an incomplete type (:ada:`type T2;`) before the declaration of
:ada:`T1`. This, however, doesn't solve all the problems in the code: the
compiler still doesn't know the size of :ada:`T2`, so we cannot create a
component of this type. We could, instead, declare an access type and use it
here, or simply use an anonymous access to :ada:`T2`. By doing this, even

> though the compiler doesn't know the internals of :ada:`T2`, it can still
> allocate an access to an object of this type.

Author: ```suggestion
though the compiler doesn't know the size of :ada:`T2`, it knows the 
size of an access type designating :ada:`T2`, so the record component 
can be of such an access type (anonymous or not)."
```

> allocate an access to an object of this type.

Author: Thanks for this suggestion! I changed the text accordingly.
